Samsung Group Facing Multiple Challenges
Samsung Electronics vice chairman Lee Jae-yong visits the company’s semiconductor research lab on June 19.
The Investigation Deliberation Committee of the Supreme Prosecutors’ Office gave a non-prosecution opinion on Samsung Electronics vice chairman Lee Jae-yong with regard to the merger between Samsung C&T and Cheil Industries and his succession of corporate control.
Although this is good news for Samsung Group, it is still facing multiple challenges. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic is showing no signs of disappearing and Samsung Electronics’ consumer electronics, smartphone and semiconductor business units are continuing to be affected by the pandemic.
Another challenge is the ongoing trade disputes between the United States and China. The United States is about to implement regulations so that semiconductor products manufactured based on U.S. facilities cannot be supplied to Huawei, which is one of the biggest clients for Samsung Electronics. The United States is home to the world’s top semiconductor equipment suppliers such as Applied Materials and Lam Research, which means Samsung Electronics cannot be free from U.S. pressure. Besides, TSMC announced last month that it would invest US$12 billion to build a foundry in the United States.
China’s rise in the global IT sector is another threat to Samsung Electronics. It already lost the global LCD display market to BOE and CSOT and Chinese companies are about to overtake Samsung Electronics in the OLED display market. When it comes to the TV market, TCL, Hisense and Xiaomi are nipping at the heels of Samsung Electronics. The combined smartphone market share of Xiaomi, Huawei, Oppo and Vivo is much higher than that of Samsung Electronics and Huawei is outperforming Samsung Electronics in the 5G communications equipment market.
In the DRAM market, CXMT is planning to start manufacturing 17-nm chips within this year and YMTC’s 128-layer NAND flash manufacturing is scheduled to start within this year as well. Foundry company SMIC’s capital expenditures for this year are estimated to reach US$4.3 billion so that its main process technology is shifted from 14-nm to 7-nm. Unisoc, a subsidiary of Tsinghua Unigroup, is ready to take the place of Huawei in China’s system-on-chip industry growth roadmap.
It is said that judicial risks surrounding Samsung Group are another crisis factor. The vice chairman has undergone prosecutorial investigations for years. Under the circumstances, Samsung Electronics has failed to come up with a new corporate vision to replace that released in 2008 and Chinese competitors are increasingly imitating its business strategies.
Samsung Electronics is predicted to make a breakthrough by cross-border M&A, which has been on hold since its acquisition of Harman. The company currently has sufficient financial resources to do so. As of the end of the first quarter of this year, its cash and net cash in hand amounted to over 113 trillion won and 98 trillion won, respectively. Especially, system-on-chip companies are likely to be its targets in that it is aiming to dominate the market within 10 years.