Samsung Corona19·Tada·Parasite·Youtube Di...
IT Chosun, an affiliate tech media under Chosun Media Group, provides you major Korean tech news with investigative reporting and in-depth coverage of tech issues on a weekly basis.
./Chosun DB
Samsung Electronics has closed its smartphone factory in Gumi South Korea until February 24th, shortly after confirming a factory worker was infected with Corona 19. The company told the worker's associates to self-quarantine and will test them for the virus. According to spokesperson at Samsung, the company is planning to resume its operation at the plant on Monday(24th) afternoon.
The first trial for van-hailing mobile application service Tada ended with a ruling declaring SOCAR CEO Lee Jae-woong and VCNC CEO Park Jae-wook, who had been indicted for violating the Passenger Transport Service Act, as non-guilty. In advance of the trial, prosecutors indicted the CEOs on grounds that Tada was running its service as an illegal call-taxi service without proper licenses. Tada asserted that its business was legitimate as a legal rental car service. Final ruling remains to be determined, but the ruling of the first trial signals a meaningful turning point for Korean shared economy.
President Moon Jae-in met Parasite team and vowed his government would do its best to introduce a legal measure to curb screen monopolies in South Korean cinemas. The president pledged ‘tangible support’ for the further development of the local film industry and cited the proposed ceiling on the total number of screens for a certain movie and the expansion of academies.
Youtube has been embroiled in controversy over Korean comments discrimination. On thursday, youtuber Josh and Ollie of Korean Englishman disclosed their conversation with engineers of Youtube, saying the company is intentionally prioritising English comments across a few Korean channels to see if they could bring in an international audience to the channels.
South Korean leading biosimilar manufacturer Celltrion announced its annual sales exceeded 1 trillion won(US 834.7million), the highest annual sales since its founding. The company recorded 1.12 trillion won in sales, and 378.1 billion won in operating profit last year. The figures are up 14.9 percent and 11.6 percent respectively, compared to a year earlier. With the release of the subcutaneous(SC) version of an autoimmune biosimilar-Remsima- in Europe, along with oncology biosimilar Truxima in the States, the expanded supplies of the two biosimilars contributed to the surge in sales, the company said.
Samsung denied rumors that Galaxy Z Flip is vulnerable to cold weather. A tweet disseminated by a self-proclaimed tech addict named Amir, revealed how fragile the foldable glass display is on the Galaxy Z Flip. Amir said the screen might have been made more fragile by the cold weather, and Samsung denied that Amir’s opinion is nothing more than an assumption. According to the spokesperson at Samsung, the company collected the Galaxy Z Flip (which was sent to Amir) and finalized the device as faulty.
Copyright © IT Chosun.
AD
파워링크