Apple’s Release of New iPhone to Push up Market Shares of Sa...
Chinese display maker BOE is likely to see its share of the global smartphone panel market drop starting from the fourth quarter of 2020 as its panel supply to Huawei has been blocked.
China's largest panel maker BOE has benefited from Huawei's massive stockpiling of smartphone panels ahead of the U.S. government's sanctions. Yet the company is expected to see its share of the smartphone panel market fall staring the fourth quarter of 2020. On the other hand, Samsung Display and LG Display are expected to regain their market shares as Apple's new iPhone is about to be released.
Samsung Display's share of the smartphone OLED panels is expected to rise from the low 70 percent range in the second and third quarters of 2020 to 80.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2020, market research company Omdia forecast on Oct. 7. During the same period, LG Display is expected to increase its market share to about 8 percent, beating BOE.
Industry insiders say that smartphone panel supply is normalizing in the fourth quarter as the supply of panels to Huawei has been blocked since Oct. 15. BOE is not the only supplier of OLED panels used for Huawei's smartphones. Panels from Samsung Display and LG Display go into top-end models of its premium smartphones such as the P series (the flagship models in the first half of a year) and the Mate series (second-half flagship). Huawei recently started to use OLED panels for its mid-priced flagship models such as Honor and Nova.
BOE needs to find a new client who can replace Huawei to compete with LG Display for the second spot in the global smartphone panel market. Experts say that Huawei accounted for over 80 percent of BOE's OLED panel sales.
Some predict that BOE will supply panels for iPhone models in 2021. Ross Young, founder of market research firm Display Supply Chain Consultant (DSCC), said on his Twitter account that LG Display and BOE will supply panels for the 6.1-inch iPhone 13 and the iPhone 13 Pro to be released in 2021.
Although Samsung Display had been supplying OLED panels exclusively for the iPhone, LG Display became a second supplier in 2019. Some predict that BOE could become a third supplier in 2021. If this happens, BOE's main customers will be Apple and LG Electronics.