Samsung Electronics...An executive's resignation. 'Posing as ...
Cast cloud over 'Earning Surprise Toast'
Can't end with tail cut personnel management.
Samsung Electronics CI , Samsung
On the 8th, Samsung Electronics recorded an 'earning surprise' that exceeded market expectations with an operating profit of 12300 trillion won in the third quarter's provisional performance. It was an excellent record despite Corona 19, but they couldn't just laugh. This is because an executive at Samsung Electronics, on the same day, tendered resignation for using a media pass to enter the National Assembly. Samsung Electronics, which claims to be a 'world-beating company', had egg on its face.
Earlier, on the 7th, Justice Party. Ryu Ho-jeong revealed that "a Samsung Electronics executive came to the my office every day with a media pass" Justice Party Rep., Shim Sang-jeong said, "It is terrible that the National Assembly, a top-security national facility, was trampled by Samsung," and urged the authorities to investigate the truth. In addition, the Democratic Party also joined in this controversy, exhorting a strong response, and the National Assembly is also planning to initiate a fact-finding investigation and a plan to prevent recurrence.
As the controversy arose, Samsung Electronics official said, "We sincerely apologize for causing controversy by a Samsung Electronics executive entering the National Assembly using a media pass. it was absolutely wrong to violate the Assemly's entrance regulations."
In additoin, “We are thoroughly investigating whether there are any other violations of the National Assembly procedure. If there is anything wrong, we will surely correct it,” he said.
Since it was an act without excuse, Samsung Electrics hung its head, and the executive immediately announced his resignation. It is almost impossible to guess the reason he went to the National Assembly with a media pass, but it is utterly ridiculous to do that, just because he wanted to visit the National Assembly. It is known that he entered the National Assembly more than 100 times in a year, it is close to 10 times in a month. it was quite a number of visit.
This issue made Samsung Electronics the prey of those who didn't like Samsung Electronics and Those who criticize Samsung Electronics, said "Samsung Electronics, they are usually not trying to obey the law by taking advantage of the fact that Samsung is saving the economy" and rap out "Samsung Electonics, it's like Republic."
On the 22nd and 26th of this month, There are serial cases for illicit transfer of managerial rights and remand of revocation (suspictions of influnce government policy),and vice-chairman, Lee Jae-yong is required to attend the trial next month. In this situation, The stir, caused by 'Impersonating a reporter", hitted a sore spot of Samsung Electronics morality.
An executive's immediate resignation of Samsung Electroics may cause negative effects. Whether an executive's access to the National Assembly was a personal matter or a matter for reporting some issue to the company, and whether the company knew it or tolerated it, Samsung Electronics should initiate clear probe into this controversy.
If Samsung Electronics attempts to cover up the truth through the cutting off tail personnel management, the company's all efforts to improve its image will go right down the drain.
BK MIN